Clean up on the List and List-Method Isles (#2404)
exercism/python: exercises/concept/chaitanas-colossal-coaster/.docs/instructions.md

# Instructions

Chaitana owns a very popular theme park. She only has one ride in the very center of beautifully landscaped grounds: The Biggest Roller Coaster in the World(TM). Although there is only this one attraction, people travel from all over the world and stand in line for hours for the opportunity to ride Chaitana's hypercoaster.

> There are two queues for this ride, represented as `lists`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two queues for this ride, represented as `list`s:
```

1. Normal Queue
2. Express Queue (Also known as the Fast-track) - where people pay extra for priority access.

> You've been asked to write some code to better manage the guests at the park. You need to implement the following functions as soon as possible before the guests (and your boss Chaitana!) get cranky.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You've been asked to write some code to better manage the guests at the park. You need to implement the following functions as soon as possible before the guests (and your boss, Chaitana!) get cranky.
```

## 1. Add Me to the queue

Define the `add_me_to_the_queue()` function that takes 4 parameters `express_queue, normal_queue, ticket_type, person_name` and returns the queue with the person's name added.

> 1. ticket_type is an `int` with 1 == express_queue and 0 == normal_queue.

Reviewer: This looks too much like a Yoda Conditional and like you're comparing an int to a list.

Author: Yup.  Agree.  Needs ... love.  Do you think we should chuck and re-write this exercise?  Its fine if you do.  I was resisting, since there is a lot here..but the queue thing is starting to not work for me.  Thoughts?

Reviewer: The multi-queue is only used for this one function so it can probably be dropped without impacting the other functions. If you want the `add()` to do more than `append()` you can have it only add if the person is not in the queue already.
